Aries: It might be easy to imagine you can turn a complex arrangement to your advantage without the help of friends or family. But the truth is that one particular individual could transform this situation into one that will work in your favour. Don’t be too proud to ask.
Taurus: Try not to assume that, during a tiring and stressful phase, you’re being attacked on all sides. You most certainly are not. But the ignorance and naivety of those involved is making them act in this way. Handling this matter efficiently and logically can only enhance your reputation.
Gemini: Refuse to allow your image to be swayed by rumour or gossip. There are enough people close by who know your true worth. So get them on side. They won’t mind one bit. In fact, you might be pleasantly surprised at how keen they are to defend you.
Cancer: You may have to manage certain people who have experienced disappointment and failure recently. But taking a negative stance will not do you or them any favours. Strive to judge these individuals on what they are about to do next, not what they have done in the past.
Leo: Somebody is about to make a joint arrangement far more complicated than it need be, simply through lack of patience and understanding. So step in and prove that you really do know what you are doing. This is not about arrogance on your part. It simply makes sense.
Virgo: Any day now it will be difficult to turn your back on some sort of crisis. But before coming to the rescue, make sure those involved aren’t crying wolf. It’s possible that they could avert trouble simply by trying harder and remaining fully committed to the challenge involved.
Libra: Social or family arrangements may seem shrouded in mystery. And Saturn clashing with Mercury and Mars suggests there’s one crucial factor that has been misinterpreted or overlooked. The sooner you find it the better. It shouldn’t take long, especially if you have the help of a trusted ally.
Scorpio: Others will try to pressurise you into making decisions with regard to a complex matter. But why would you accept the details you’re being given without asking personal questions? Instead, you must play for time and let everyone see you won’t accept facts and figures at face value.
Saggitarius: One or two problems may feel insurmountable. Even so, don’t give in or go weak at the knees. If you search long and hard you’ll realise that solutions are, in fact, accessible. But they won’t come to you out of the blue. You must put in some effort.
Capricorn: Refuse to adopt panic measures while trying to rectify something that’s been badly handled by others. There are no shortcuts or easy fixes. Instead, what’s not far away is the support of somebody whose experience will prove invaluable in your search for a remedy. Ask for it.
Aquarius: Accept that you excel in some areas that certain others can rarely navigate. And don’t be afraid to step up to the plate and make an excellent job of something that few could conquer. The old adage about not hiding your light under a bushel still holds true.
Pisces: After experiencing one or two near-misses or shattered dreams you must try not to become disillusioned with life. True, such unfortunate episodes can prove debilitating. But news that’s about to arrive should boost your spirits and provide renewed hope regarding at least one set-up close to your heart.